Do you think the United States of America is the reason behind political issues in the middle-eastern countries?
Do you think United Kingdom should not have revoked the citizenship of Shamima Begum?
Do you think the United States of America should not get involved in the war between Israel and Palestine?
Do you think oil crisis is arising from middle-eastern countries?
Do you think it is the end of ISIS?
Do you think China is doing right by changing the religious books?
Do you agree with Citizenship Amendment law?
Do you think the policies of China for population control are correct?
Do you think Trump should intervene in North Korea?
Do you think Modi government is exceptionally in favor of Hinduism?
Do you think Brexit is the right thing to happen?
Do you think the United Kingdom will face economic crisis after Brexit?
Do you think United Kingdom should move towards point based immigration?
Do you think environment crisis is a real thing?
Is industrialization harming environment?
Is global warming a real thing?
Do you think all countries should focus primarily on saving the environment rather than industrialization?
Do you think it is fair to release people from jail who have been charged for a terrorist crime or offense?
Is islamophobia a real thing?
Is extremism harmful to society?
Is film industry spoiling the culture?
Is film industry responsible for western culture?
Do you think movies have a positive impact on the viewers brain?
Do you think there should be more limitations on social media?
Do you think the media and press should have more strict rules that restricts them to publish anything openly?
Do you think the media is responsible for mis-guiding people?
Do you think the paparazzi should be controlled to click and publish anything they capture?
Do you think Amazon is killing other businesses?
Do you think the work timings should reduce to 6 hours per day like some of the European countries?
Do you think working days should be reduced to 4 days a week?
Do you think working from home should be promoted in all companies?
Do you think every company should have hot desks rather than fixed desks?
Do you think parental leave should be promoted more in companies?
Do you think office culture impacts personal life?
Do you think open source is a good solution to replace commercial softwares with?
Do you think alcoholism is responsible for most diseases in the world?
Do you think inactivity causes more diseases?
Do you think smoking is a major cause for cancer worldwide?
Do you think selling cigarettes should be banned worldwide?
Do you think television industry should stop showing people consuming alcohol, cigarettes and drugs?
Do you think prostitution should be made legal in all countries?
Do you think provocative clothing can lead to more women insecurity?
Do you think exams should be banned in schools and colleges?
Do you think schools should be made more secure?
Do you think it is fair to charge double fees from international schools?
Do you think colleges are charging fair fees from students?
Do you think music has an impact on improving mood?
Is it right that animals also understand and love music?
Is non-vegetarianism wrong thing?
Is vegan diet beneficial for health?
